Women are liars
In order not to be exposed for pretending to be sick
Just push the boat
Pretend this kid is the Dragon King
Meet Dragon Man
There is such a good thing
Wouldn't he be dumbfounded?
Get up, get up
Mother, you don't have to be so polite.
You are now her mother-in-law
This wizard actually deceived my daughter
Husband is not quick to call someone
I didn't promise to marry you.
You take my veil
That's providence
Although you are the Dragon King
But it can't go against God's will, can it?
Enough of this wizard
Obviously fake
You Fan Wushu actually said he was real
I think your Fan family has a premeditated plan
I want to use this kid to impersonate the Dragon King
Win the agency of the Dragon King Palace from my Zhao family
I'm going to call my grandfather
You wait.
None of them can get away.
Wait, don't worry.
I remember you just said
If Master Xiao could cure my mother's illness
What are you doing?
He deserves me to kneel
Dare to be stubborn when you are about to die
Who dares to bully my grandson?